foreign
but I'm definitely not underground
what's going on that I need to find more
keys uh this is boring I mean I mean
this is not this is are we still
positive or no we're positive okay then
no this is great okay no it's not I'm
not gonna lie okay until you find a
positive spin to say what I said that's
all someone
say something positive this is boring
yeah this won't give me a heart attack
this is um
certainly passing the time yeah this is
where I need to be yeah okay put these
no I still can't this is baby blocking
no like throw those in the corresponding
coat no no no look Corey look look look
sorry when Sonic's done having a seizure
I'll show you go up here go up Corey you
can't dude there's three balls and three
holes it's locked up so
you're not ready to solve this
two-year-old puzzle yeah yes I am you
know right here I'll do this one yeah
blow out those candles
no look one two three this is easy no
this is difficult
this is like a really difficult puzzle I
don't want to do it just in case it'll
[__] up yeah that's a good idea uh not
that one yeah yeah yeah definitely this
one because I think I think four comes
after three yeah yeah okay we've got
basic counting uh we're that was so I
actually didn't know what to do because
it was too easy
like I was like there's no way it's just
counting
I think it's just scouting it's Elegance
in design that's fair okay wasn't there
a silver Emerald yeah there's one right
here this one those are the [__]
purple bloops it says I need five keys
to access it oh brother how much uh
purple coins do I have you have 19 out
of 24 keys on this level yeah but how
much purple coins do I have I don't know
that sucks right I need to know
wait you need for big fishing yeah we
have we not fished enough have you not
ex this is all the game is you fish or
find Keys Corey that can't be true I
have to find the keys I I either have to
you've got five you are literally
missing five keys in this whole level do
you need every single key what the [__]
is wrong with you what is happening why
is Frontiers the worst thing ever made
who's responsible for this I don't know
sweetie come give daddy a kiss
[Music]
hey yeah no I need keys that music to
kissing is just not right
Chris I need keys stats this game should
have just been a huge open world with
like uh lots of keys no
it's just like doorways to levels that
are fun maybe beating these guys will
give me all these shitty puzzles those
levels should have given you a Chaos
Emerald yeah that's that's how that
should there's too much nonsense they do
give you keys but I don't
out there and perfect them and get nests
no that's what I mean is like instead of
giving you keys they should just give
you the [__] Chaos Emeralds that
would be nice instead of the chaos
emeralds being in like little segregated
it's weird rocks and [__] the keys
being the reward yeah I don't know it's
just busy work it's just busy work dude
this level becomes busy works it's like
hey you want some play time kid well we
got 70 hours kid yeah you get to get
keys and run around and then unlock more
keys
everybody
else it's a chores game for sure but uh
you know what I'm positive about it yeah
it's good
positive Chris okay I'm positively
I can't find these [__] keys I'm
sorry okay
God this is tough
no it's not okay no this game is pretty
bad
though this game has a lot of good music
from past games
Chris they weren't originally in the
game they added them in an update but
you have to admit it's safe to the game
completely that is an update I'm so down
I am so down for that for all future
games also literally yeah
classic beats such as
well I'm just kind of looking for like
those like signs that stick out of the
ground because they give you keys I'm
actually gonna have an aneurysm if
anybody is watching this and expecting
progress just view it like a podcast a
little nice time that you spend with
your friends I mean I'm literally I'm
literally trying I got some news for you
buddy yeah what's that uh the people who
comment are the only people crazy enough
to comment that's true listen you've got
laundry to put away I know you [__]
do you've got lots of stuff
you're commenting on let's play you got
a room to clean you got trash to take
out you got your homework to finish get
on it you should be ranking up in League
of Legends and not really paying
attention to what's on screen right now
because that's what's gonna get you into
college we're not reading those you
[__] idiot are you really we got a
job are you really upset that a bunch of
like 30 year olds aren't sitting here
like [__] like figuring out
again
no I'm legitimately trying to figure out
where to go but I'm looking for your
apology first okay I feel hurt hey guys
I was in a really dark place and uh I'm
I'm getting better I'm taking some time
to reflect uh now you go Chris guys uh I
was in a pretty dark place
I'm taking a lot of times
this is serious Corey you can't be hard
and apologizing oh well actually you
kind of yeah never mind also I was
really gonna do this really angry and
bitter over the pain in my lower leg
that's why I'm so bitter about it
I've never liked any fans ever since
I'll just get the red coins here I'll
get the red coins
do you promise I promise there's one
yeah I'll get it
hurry up
I'm waiting okay well give me a second
there's another one
give me a second I'll get this one whoa
there's a [__] Mega Man song that I
keep expecting this to be a remix
believe it matters
not bad
oh look I got all the right coins and
even realize that holy [__] I was just
playing the video game yeah red coin I
get red groin how's that fair I like it
I don't I don't I like it oh I did it oh
my [__] laughing
all right so the S ring time is 55
seconds I believe I can do that don't
even bother just okay I can do it just
give up no but if I do this we'll get
the coins and then we'll get we'll be
able to views get the emeralds and put
the video games give up Corey here's the
problem huh you're a failure you're a
failure let old Shadow tell you you suck
just give up failures
Shadow's a [__] [__] I'm trying to
play and Shadow's a jerk I know he's
just standing in the corner he's like I
could have done that what was the last
thing you've ever done that mattered
I walk basically everywhere
I was on PS2 remember yeah you were on
the Dreamcast congrats on that yeah
when's Shadow two coming out I don't
need to stand for this I don't want to
do the stage there's better stages
you gave up did you at least get the
rest I did I got the red coin
is [__] hurting my feelings and it
kept falling to my door maybe we should
get cream in here
no no
it smells someone poured [__]
poor like
Mesopotamian song
we got one vault key one down two more
to go you poured what on Earth before
it's Damien sucks yeah the hell's that a
Mesopotamian salt it's the most ancient
salt of all time yeah it comes as like
rock salt like from Zelda these big
chunks of [__] salt oh man if uh if
we ever get a nuke do you think uh the
servers of Oni plays Will Survive uh I
think somebody will be there to make
sure they survive I hope that they would
go on like a Mars Rover or something and
they all got to hear that you know
what's crazy uh with AI now uh they
probably could compile all of the Oni
plays episodes and probably recreate our
Consciousness just from them that would
be terrible I bet they could do that
though if you were only your online
presence that would be plus I feel like
I am only my online presence no no you
wear a mask
I feel like I'm pretty the same no
you're pretty much the same but uh where
am I in this I feel like if uh AI it
could guess like the rest of you and and
it would convince people
maybe it's possible I I think that that
day I would be like he said this which
means he probably agrees with this and
then it would just make all of that up
yeah that enters a space of uh like very
very close to like Black Mirror future
[__] but yeah but that's gonna happen I
bet yeah I think there's gonna be like
one beloved maybe let's player maybe
just just really prevalent like
podcaster internet personality that's
going to like put their Consciousness
into like Ai and have it start [__]
doing podcasts for them like dream maybe
that'll be cool
he'll need something after his like
troll face reveal
no offense
for people he looks like the living
embodiment of a troll face yeah I
remember he kept his head in the same
static position the whole video it was
weird
kind of freaky do you remember when
people were like this picture of dream
is not real the big the big the big one
yeah the big guns the one where he's
like a little a little bit overweight
people were like this is uh oh the one
when he's at the football place yeah
people were like that's not dream
actually and then when he were face
revealed to prove there was him nobody
really talked about it someone took
pictures of him
even know what the [__] dream is
it really did it really did well there's
some [__] going around of like baby
Gronk or something what the hell is that
yeah it's it's like an article that's
just full of young speak and it's going
viral because you'll look at it and feel
like you're having an as an aneurysm I
feel like if you're in any way shape or
form online you had to know who dream
was for that year where he was super
popular I I still don't really know who
he is I just know of him because you
know what I knew who he was before he
got famous because we downloaded a mod
pack he used for our let's play of
Minecraft all I know is that he cheated
in Minecraft
coder is what he was he's a coder yeah
like he created mods really yeah like he
like yeah really good ones that's
actually like something that's actually
doing it no I thought he I thought he
was just a guy who played Minecraft no
he like he knew the game inside out and
he was creating mods for it that were
really really good mods and that's why
we like they were really fun to play
with and then uh he got famous but then
yeah he was like yeah uh I'm the best
speedrunner and then he was cheating so
it's like oh you're just using your own
mods to cheat basically yeah it's like
you're not the best
but uh he used his knowledge of the game
and all that to cheat that's basically
but uh yeah kind of yeah but there it is
ah all right we got it anyway uh Lyle is
the dream of our group that I use my
mods to cheat the fact is that's what
the magic is not like a troll face
that also gives you an extra one so I
think we have four now
I think we did it you did it I think we
did it now the story will progress and
we can play the game I want to hear a
beautiful orchestral cover of that song
let's hear that one [__] part that
song it plays in my head all day every
day
especially this one lives rent free in
my head when I'm on my mattress it just
plays over and over
wow Sonic just didn't react to that at
all and let his shins get sanded up pain
I'll get over it I guess
go to him I've got a pretty high
tolerance can you can that guy give you
anything what uh yeah he'll he's the one
who does like the stomach in like heart
[__] I think yeah but you have a few
never mind it doesn't matter no I do I
like going there when I have a bulk
though not a few a bulk of stomachs yeah
bulk of stomachs and hearts I want them
to make one joke Sonic game where he
acts like a flash cartoon version of
himself what do you mean like he says
[__] uh calls everyone a loser I want
him to act like he would act in uh like
Sonic Shorts am I supposed to grab this
so he'd be like [__] you Tails yeah or
uh imagine if Sonic ran around just
singing his own songs with no music
playing that'd be fun
look out dude
I'm not fighting any
answers I know you don't want to hear it
but you have to fight them no I know you
don't want to hear it you're right and
I'm not but you have to fight them you
got to fight the tanks you gotcha fight
the tanks dumbass kid stupid Bobby Brown
stupid child of mine you ugly [__]
weirdo your tennis ball head
let me get you in a little secret I
[__] the tennis ball and put in your
mother
well that's how a loser like you is
crazy absorb my semen and there you are
it became more like Bob Chandler as it
Progressive I really yeah it kind of did
do you realize what you've done to us
something do you realize
that if you [__] a tennis ball and put
it in Peggy it will create Bobby
[Laughter]
That's my boy I'm so proud of you it's
really
really [__] good God damn it I'm a
hedgehog and I'm blue and I love running
that's really good Chris it is it is
legitimately good I mean it's good
enough to read for sure
if I really tried I could do it good
hold on I don't want to talk to him
I'm just not into you break that green
thing Corey radiation
these radons hurt okay here we go
finally God jeez look you got like
running through like rails and [__] it's
like a Sonic video game yeah something
of the sort yeah this is like it's like
that what is it Sonic Frontiers game I
was playing
yeah it almost feels like a video game
oh okay
I could have sworn I was gonna land on
it I guess I'm going to circumcise Bobby
with two ice skates
why not because I don't want to be an
ice skater today but nothing to do with
that I'm just gonna circumcision I wanna
be Jewish dad well too bad I don't want
to be Christian yet here we are
fair enough
you gotta cut off Bobby's other foreskin
I already got the whole thing you
dumbass [__]
them
I don't know what the [__] you're saying
turkey man who is this guy what's his
name
she got a disease
you guys play Dark Souls pretty good
can't get past the first boss though in
fact play that Wu Hong Dynasty you heard
of the Wuhan virus it killed Bobby Peggy
Luanne it killed all of them
I was sad but I realized I'm a lot less
stressed out now so he's saying all this
he's talking about cutting off Bobby's
foreskin but really he's just like he's
coddling in a corner because he's
already done it yeah he's all his
friends are just like man we're just
feeling real bad for you man and he's
just uh do you still feel bad now that
I've told you all that he'll hurt me a
little bit okay let's continue being
friends
let's keep standing in front of our
house and drinking and stuff I don't
know okay
I don't know what else to do you're
making me nervous did I go here I
already went here you got one out of
four keys
I'm assuming I'm probably going to want
to have more keys my own rocks on my bum
hangers glowing red and it looks like it
belongs Sonic
[Laughter]
crazy oh I don't want to [__] do this
stage this is just like the uh
uh Sonic game you got a D on it the
first time and you got one out of five
medals so Corey true you got a lot of
room for it there's one there's one
there's one I promise you I tried to but
the gravity was weird must keep on
making me dead
Sonic walks of the camera derp runs away
that's so funny it's funny because it's
not
funny
this was not a good [__] dude
that's what makes it funny it's just
your confidence it's your car system is
[__] he runs away before you can say
anything yeah it's like a [__] like
toddler it's so stupid but it's like a
full-grown man
[Music]
it was good oh we still recording we are
good it was we've had a lot of a lot of
zingers of the Holy Christ in hell we
haven't made a lot of progress but I
feel like we've progressed we progressed
yeah fandom I think I think we I think
we earned did you see that 50
subscribers from this episode uh check
the check the receipts you're right oh
wait wait they're from China what
Chinese people thanks China China you
guys don't know but China is actually
only plays his biggest fans oh yeah I
never okay as many times we've installed
yeah we're gonna start pandering uh
editor show the facts show the data on
screen we have the demographics of all
of our fans you can see 99 of our fans
are women and most of them are based in
Pakistan and Iran so that's pretty cool
yeah that's exactly what we're going to
be doing our tour in Pakistan and Iran
next month Pakistan we're not we can't
give out the actual location yet because
Pakistan though I know it's a bit like
it's a bit like foreign it's a bit I
don't want to get sand in my shoes and
that's completely free you don't have to
go